model/User.java
 model.User
controller/AddNewProduct.java
 controller.AddNewProduct
model/Shop.java
 model.Shop
model/Product.java
 model.Product
jdbc/JDBCConnection.java
 jdbc.JDBCConnection
dao/impl/IShopDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.IShopDaoImpl
controller/ShowShopList.java
 controller.ShowShopList
dao/IShopDao.java
 dao.IShopDao
controller/LoginController.java
 controller.LoginController
controller/SearchProductsByPriceHomepage.java
 controller.SearchProductsByPriceHomepage
controller/ShowProductDetails.java
 controller.ShowProductDetails
dao/IUserDao.java
 dao.IUserDao
dao/impl/IUserDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.IUserDaoImpl
controller/BackToHomePage.java
 controller.BackToHomePage
controller/SearchProductsByNameHomepage.java
 controller.SearchProductsByNameHomepage
controller/SearchProductByName.java
 controller.SearchProductByName
dao/impl/IProductDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.IProductDaoImpl
controller/ShowProductDetailsHomepage.java
 controller.ShowProductDetailsHomepage
controller/BackToAdminPage.java
 controller.BackToAdminPage
dao/IPurchaseDao.java
 dao.IPurchaseDao
model/Purchase.java
 model.Purchase
dao/IProductDao.java
 dao.IProductDao
controller/BackToBuyerPage.java
 controller.BackToBuyerPage
controller/ShowBuyerList.java
 controller.ShowBuyerList
controller/SearchProductsByPrice.java
 controller.SearchProductsByPrice
controller/HomeServlet.java
 controller.HomeServlet
dao/impl/IPurchaseDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.IPurchaseDaoImpl
controller/ShowPurchaseHistory.java
 controller.ShowPurchaseHistory
controller/BuyProduct.java
 controller.BuyProduct
